Response ID
Time Started
Date Submitted
Status
Is Python the main language you use for your current projects?
None:What other language(s) do you use?
Java:What other language(s) do you use?
JavaScript:What other language(s) do you use?
C/C++:What other language(s) do you use?
PHP:What other language(s) do you use?
C#:What other language(s) do you use?
Ruby:What other language(s) do you use?
Bash / Shell:What other language(s) do you use?
Objective-C:What other language(s) do you use?
Go:What other language(s) do you use?
Visual Basic:What other language(s) do you use?
Scala:What other language(s) do you use?
SQL:What other language(s) do you use?
Kotlin:What other language(s) do you use?
R:What other language(s) do you use?
Swift:What other language(s) do you use?
Clojure:What other language(s) do you use?
Perl:What other language(s) do you use?
Rust:What other language(s) do you use?
Groovy:What other language(s) do you use?
TypeScript:What other language(s) do you use?
CoffeeScript:What other language(s) do you use?
HTML/CSS:What other language(s) do you use?
Other - Write In::What other language(s) do you use?
Other - Write In::What other language(s) do you use?.1
How long have you been programming in Python?
How many years of professional coding experience do you have?
For what purposes do you mainly use Python?
Educational purposes: What do you use Python for?
Data analysis: What do you use Python for?
DevOps / System administration / Writing automation scripts: What do you use Python for?
Software testing / Writing automated tests: What do you use Python for?
Software prototyping: What do you use Python for?
Web development: What do you use Python for?
Machine learning: What do you use Python for?
Mobile development: What do you use Python for?
Desktop development: What do you use Python for?
Computer graphics: What do you use Python for?
Network programming: What do you use Python for?
Game development: What do you use Python for?
Multimedia applications development: What do you use Python for?
Embedded development: What do you use Python for?
Programming of web parsers / scrapers / crawlers: What do you use Python for?
Other - Write In:: What do you use Python for?
Other - Write In:: What do you use Python for?.1
Roles count
What do you use Python for the most?
Educational purposes:To what extent are you involved in the following activities?
Data analysis:To what extent are you involved in the following activities?
DevOps / System administration / Writing automation scripts:To what extent are you involved in the following activities?
Software testing / Writing automated tests:To what extent are you involved in the following activities?
Software prototyping:To what extent are you involved in the following activities?
Web development:To what extent are you involved in the following activities?
Machine learning:To what extent are you involved in the following activities?
Mobile development:To what extent are you involved in the following activities?
Desktop development:To what extent are you involved in the following activities?
Computer graphics:To what extent are you involved in the following activities?
Network programming:To what extent are you involved in the following activities?
Game development:To what extent are you involved in the following activities?
Multimedia applications development:To what extent are you involved in the following activities?
Embedded development:To what extent are you involved in the following activities?
Programming of web parsers / scrapers / crawlers:To what extent are you involved in the following activities?
Other - Write In::To what extent are you involved in the following activities?
Do you consider yourself as a Data-Scientist?
Other – Write In::Do you consider yourself as a Data-Scientist?
Which version of Python do you use the most?
Which version of Python 2 do you use the most?
Which version of Python 3 do you use the most?
I don’t update:What do you typically use to upgrade your Python version?
Somebody else manages Python updates for me:What do you typically use to upgrade your Python version?
Python.org:What do you typically use to upgrade your Python version?
Build from source:What do you typically use to upgrade your Python version?
Automatic upgrade via cloud provider:What do you typically use to upgrade your Python version?
Anaconda:What do you typically use to upgrade your Python version?
ActivePython:What do you typically use to upgrade your Python version?
Intel Distribution for Python:What do you typically use to upgrade your Python version?
OS-provided Python (via apt-get, yum, homebrew, etc.):What do you typically use to upgrade your Python version?
pyenv:What do you typically use to upgrade your Python version?
pythonz:What do you typically use to upgrade your Python version?
I use Docker containers:What do you typically use to upgrade your Python version?
Other – Write In::What do you typically use to upgrade your Python version?
Other – Write In::What do you typically use to upgrade your Python version?.1
None:Do you use any of the following tools to isolate Python environments, if any?
Virtualenv:Do you use any of the following tools to isolate Python environments, if any?
Pipenv:Do you use any of the following tools to isolate Python environments, if any?
Poetry:Do you use any of the following tools to isolate Python environments, if any?
Conda:Do you use any of the following tools to isolate Python environments, if any?
Docker:Do you use any of the following tools to isolate Python environments, if any?
Vagrant  / virtual machines:Do you use any of the following tools to isolate Python environments, if any?
Other – Write In::Do you use any of the following tools to isolate Python environments, if any?
Other – Write In::Do you use any of the following tools to isolate Python environments, if any?.1
None:What web frameworks / libraries do you use in addition to Python?
Django:What web frameworks / libraries do you use in addition to Python?
web2py:What web frameworks / libraries do you use in addition to Python?
Bottle:What web frameworks / libraries do you use in addition to Python?
CherryPy :What web frameworks / libraries do you use in addition to Python?
Flask :What web frameworks / libraries do you use in addition to Python?
Hug:What web frameworks / libraries do you use in addition to Python?
Pyramid :What web frameworks / libraries do you use in addition to Python?
Tornado:What web frameworks / libraries do you use in addition to Python?
Falcon:What web frameworks / libraries do you use in addition to Python?
FastAPI:What web frameworks / libraries do you use in addition to Python?
Other – Write In::What web frameworks / libraries do you use in addition to Python?
Other – Write In::What web frameworks / libraries do you use in addition to Python?.1
None:What data science framework(s) do you use in addition to Python?
PyTorch:What data science framework(s) do you use in addition to Python?
NumPy:What data science framework(s) do you use in addition to Python?
SciPy:What data science framework(s) do you use in addition to Python?
Pandas:What data science framework(s) do you use in addition to Python?
Matplotlib:What data science framework(s) do you use in addition to Python?
Seaborn:What data science framework(s) do you use in addition to Python?
SciKit-Learn:What data science framework(s) do you use in addition to Python?
Keras:What data science framework(s) do you use in addition to Python?
TensorFlow:What data science framework(s) do you use in addition to Python?
Theano:What data science framework(s) do you use in addition to Python?
NLTK:What data science framework(s) do you use in addition to Python?
MXNet:What data science framework(s) do you use in addition to Python?
Gensim:What data science framework(s) do you use in addition to Python?
Other - Write In::What data science framework(s) do you use in addition to Python?
Other - Write In::What data science framework(s) do you use in addition to Python?.1
None:Which of the following frameworks / libraries do you use in addition to Python?
Requests:Which of the following frameworks / libraries do you use in addition to Python?
aiohttp:Which of the following frameworks / libraries do you use in addition to Python?
httpx:Which of the following frameworks / libraries do you use in addition to Python?
PyQT:Which of the following frameworks / libraries do you use in addition to Python?
PyGTK:Which of the following frameworks / libraries do you use in addition to Python?
wxPython:Which of the following frameworks / libraries do you use in addition to Python?
Pillow:Which of the following frameworks / libraries do you use in addition to Python?
Tkinter:Which of the following frameworks / libraries do you use in addition to Python?
Pygame:Which of the following frameworks / libraries do you use in addition to Python?
Twisted:Which of the following frameworks / libraries do you use in addition to Python?
Asyncio:Which of the following frameworks / libraries do you use in addition to Python?
Kivy:Which of the following frameworks / libraries do you use in addition to Python?
Six:Which of the following frameworks / libraries do you use in addition to Python?
Scrapy:Which of the following frameworks / libraries do you use in addition to Python?
Other – Write In::Which of the following frameworks / libraries do you use in addition to Python?
Other – Write In::Which of the following frameworks / libraries do you use in addition to Python?.1
None:Which of the following cloud platforms do you use?
Google Cloud Platform:Which of the following cloud platforms do you use?
AWS:Which of the following cloud platforms do you use?
Microsoft Azure:Which of the following cloud platforms do you use?
Rackspace:Which of the following cloud platforms do you use?
Heroku:Which of the following cloud platforms do you use?
DigitalOcean:Which of the following cloud platforms do you use?
Linode:Which of the following cloud platforms do you use?
PythonAnywhere:Which of the following cloud platforms do you use?
OpenShift:Which of the following cloud platforms do you use?
OpenStack:Which of the following cloud platforms do you use?
Other – Write In::Which of the following cloud platforms do you use?
Other – Write In::Which of the following cloud platforms do you use?.1
None of the following:How do you run code in the cloud (in the production environment)?
In virtual machines:How do you run code in the cloud (in the production environment)?
Within containers:How do you run code in the cloud (in the production environment)?
On a Platform-as-a-Service (such as Heroku or Google App Engine):How do you run code in the cloud (in the production environment)?
Serverless (such as AWS Lambda or Cloud Functions):How do you run code in the cloud (in the production environment)?
Other – Write In::How do you run code in the cloud (in the production environment)?
Other – Write In::How do you run code in the cloud (in the production environment)?.1
None of the following:How do you develop for the cloud?
With local system interpreter:How do you develop for the cloud?
Locally with virtualenv (or similar):How do you develop for the cloud?
In Docker containers:How do you develop for the cloud?
In virtual machines:How do you develop for the cloud?
In remote development environments:How do you develop for the cloud?
Directly in the production environment:How do you develop for the cloud?
Other – Write In::How do you develop for the cloud?
Other – Write In::How do you develop for the cloud?.1
Windows:What operating system(s) are your development environment?
Linux:What operating system(s) are your development environment?
macOS:What operating system(s) are your development environment?
BSD:What operating system(s) are your development environment?
Other – Write In::What operating system(s) are your development environment?
Other – Write In::What operating system(s) are your development environment?.1
None:Which Python unit-testing framework(s) do you use, if any?
pytest:Which Python unit-testing framework(s) do you use, if any?
nose:Which Python unit-testing framework(s) do you use, if any?
unittest:Which Python unit-testing framework(s) do you use, if any?
doctest:Which Python unit-testing framework(s) do you use, if any?
tox:Which Python unit-testing framework(s) do you use, if any?
Hypothesis:Which Python unit-testing framework(s) do you use, if any?
mock:Which Python unit-testing framework(s) do you use, if any?
Other – Write In::Which Python unit-testing framework(s) do you use, if any?
Other – Write In::Which Python unit-testing framework(s) do you use, if any?.1
No database development:What ORM(s) do you use together with Python, if any?
Raw SQL:What ORM(s) do you use together with Python, if any?
Django ORM:What ORM(s) do you use together with Python, if any?
SQLAlchemy:What ORM(s) do you use together with Python, if any?
Peewee:What ORM(s) do you use together with Python, if any?
Dejavu:What ORM(s) do you use together with Python, if any?
PonyORM:What ORM(s) do you use together with Python, if any?
SQLObject:What ORM(s) do you use together with Python, if any?
Tortoise ORM:What ORM(s) do you use together with Python, if any?
Other – Write In::What ORM(s) do you use together with Python, if any?
Other – Write In::What ORM(s) do you use together with Python, if any?.1
None:Which database(s) do you regularly use, if any?
DB2:Which database(s) do you regularly use, if any?
MS SQL Server:Which database(s) do you regularly use, if any?
MySQL:Which database(s) do you regularly use, if any?
Oracle Database:Which database(s) do you regularly use, if any?
PostgreSQL:Which database(s) do you regularly use, if any?
SQLite:Which database(s) do you regularly use, if any?
Cassandra:Which database(s) do you regularly use, if any?
Couchbase:Which database(s) do you regularly use, if any?
HBase:Which database(s) do you regularly use, if any?
MongoDB:Which database(s) do you regularly use, if any?
Neo4j:Which database(s) do you regularly use, if any?
Redis:Which database(s) do you regularly use, if any?
Amazon Redshift:Which database(s) do you regularly use, if any?
h2:Which database(s) do you regularly use, if any?
Other – Write In::Which database(s) do you regularly use, if any?
Other – Write In::Which database(s) do you regularly use, if any?.1
None:Which of the following Big Data tool(s) do you use, if any? 
Apache Beam:Which of the following Big Data tool(s) do you use, if any? 
Apache Flink:Which of the following Big Data tool(s) do you use, if any? 
Apache Hadoop/MapReduce:Which of the following Big Data tool(s) do you use, if any? 
Apache Hive:Which of the following Big Data tool(s) do you use, if any? 
Apache Samza:Which of the following Big Data tool(s) do you use, if any? 
Apache Kafka:Which of the following Big Data tool(s) do you use, if any? 
Apache Spark:Which of the following Big Data tool(s) do you use, if any? 
Apache Tez:Which of the following Big Data tool(s) do you use, if any? 
Dask:Which of the following Big Data tool(s) do you use, if any? 
ClickHouse:Which of the following Big Data tool(s) do you use, if any? 
Other – Write In::Which of the following Big Data tool(s) do you use, if any? 
Other – Write In::Which of the following Big Data tool(s) do you use, if any? .1
None:Which Continuous Integration (CI) system(s) do you regularly use?
GitHub Actions:Which Continuous Integration (CI) system(s) do you regularly use?
Gitlab CI:Which Continuous Integration (CI) system(s) do you regularly use?
Jenkins / Hudson:Which Continuous Integration (CI) system(s) do you regularly use?
TeamCity:Which Continuous Integration (CI) system(s) do you regularly use?
Bamboo:Which Continuous Integration (CI) system(s) do you regularly use?
Travis CI:Which Continuous Integration (CI) system(s) do you regularly use?
CircleCI:Which Continuous Integration (CI) system(s) do you regularly use?
CruiseControl:Which Continuous Integration (CI) system(s) do you regularly use?
Bitbucket Pipelines:Which Continuous Integration (CI) system(s) do you regularly use?
AppVeyor:Which Continuous Integration (CI) system(s) do you regularly use?
Other – Write In::Which Continuous Integration (CI) system(s) do you regularly use?
Other – Write In::Which Continuous Integration (CI) system(s) do you regularly use?.1
None:Which configuration management tools do you use, if any?
Salt:Which configuration management tools do you use, if any?
Puppet:Which configuration management tools do you use, if any?
Chef:Which configuration management tools do you use, if any?
Ansible:Which configuration management tools do you use, if any?
Custom solution:Which configuration management tools do you use, if any?
Other – Write In::Which configuration management tools do you use, if any?
Other – Write In::Which configuration management tools do you use, if any?.1
I don’t use any documentation tools:What documentation tool do you use? 
Sphinx:What documentation tool do you use? 
MKDocs:What documentation tool do you use? 
Doxygen:What documentation tool do you use? 
Other – Write In::What documentation tool do you use? 
Other – Write In::What documentation tool do you use? .1
What is the main editor you use for your current Python development?
Other – Write In::What is the main editor you use for your current Python development?
PyCharm Professional Edition:What editors/IDEs do you use for Python development in addition to [question('value'), id='298']?​​​​
PyCharm Community Edition:What editors/IDEs do you use for Python development in addition to [question('value'), id='298']?​​​​
Sublime Text:What editors/IDEs do you use for Python development in addition to [question('value'), id='298']?​​​​
Vim:What editors/IDEs do you use for Python development in addition to [question('value'), id='298']?​​​​
Atom:What editors/IDEs do you use for Python development in addition to [question('value'), id='298']?​​​​
VS Code:What editors/IDEs do you use for Python development in addition to [question('value'), id='298']?​​​​
Eclipse + Pydev:What editors/IDEs do you use for Python development in addition to [question('value'), id='298']?​​​​
Jupyter Notebook:What editors/IDEs do you use for Python development in addition to [question('value'), id='298']?​​​​
IntelliJ IDEA:What editors/IDEs do you use for Python development in addition to [question('value'), id='298']?​​​​
NotePad++:What editors/IDEs do you use for Python development in addition to [question('value'), id='298']?​​​​
IDLE:What editors/IDEs do you use for Python development in addition to [question('value'), id='298']?​​​​
Emacs:What editors/IDEs do you use for Python development in addition to [question('value'), id='298']?​​​​
Python Tools for Visual Studio (PTVS):What editors/IDEs do you use for Python development in addition to [question('value'), id='298']?​​​​
Spyder:What editors/IDEs do you use for Python development in addition to [question('value'), id='298']?​​​​
JupyterLab:What editors/IDEs do you use for Python development in addition to [question('value'), id='298']?​​​​
None:What editors/IDEs do you use for Python development in addition to [question('value'), id='298']?​​​​
Other – Write In::What editors/IDEs do you use for Python development in addition to [question('value'), id='298']?​​​​
Other – Write In::What editors/IDEs do you use for Python development in addition to [question('value'), id='298']?​​​​.1
Do you regularly work on multiple projects at the same time?
use autocompletion  in your editor:When developing in Python, how often do you …? (Optional)
use a debugger:When developing in Python, how often do you …? (Optional)
refactor your code:When developing in Python, how often do you …? (Optional)
use Version Control Systems:When developing in Python, how often do you …? (Optional)
use code linting (programs that analyze code for potential errors):When developing in Python, how often do you …? (Optional)
use Python virtual environments for your projects:When developing in Python, how often do you …? (Optional)
use SQL databases :When developing in Python, how often do you …? (Optional)
use NoSQL databases:When developing in Python, how often do you …? (Optional)
run / debug or edit code on remote machines (remote hosts, VMs, etc.):When developing in Python, how often do you …? (Optional)
use a Python profiler:When developing in Python, how often do you …? (Optional)
write tests for your code:When developing in Python, how often do you …? (Optional)
use code coverage:When developing in Python, how often do you …? (Optional)
use optional type hinting:When developing in Python, how often do you …? (Optional)
use Continuous Integration tools:When developing in Python, how often do you …? (Optional)
use Issue Trackers:When developing in Python, how often do you …? (Optional)
How did you first learn about [question('value'), id='298']?
Other – Write In::How did you first learn about [question('value'), id='298']?
How often do you use [question('value'), id='298']?
Are you missing any features in [question('value'), id='298']?
Yes – Please list::Are you missing any features in [question('value'), id='298']?
How likely is it that you would recommend [question('value'), id='298'] to a friend or colleague?
If you have any additional comments about [question('value'), id='298'], please share it here:
Which standard library modules do you have the most trouble with, if any?
What problems do you have with the libraries listed above?
Yes, I’ve submitted a pull request on GitHub:Have you tried reporting your issues?
Yes, I’ve reported an issue on bugs.python.org:Have you tried reporting your issues?
Yes, I’ve asked on mailing lists:Have you tried reporting your issues?
Yes, I’ve asked on Discourse:Have you tried reporting your issues?
Yes, I’ve asked elsewhere:Have you tried reporting your issues?
No:Have you tried reporting your issues?
Was your issue solved?
Other – Write In::Was your issue solved?
Mailing lists:Which channels do you prefer for communicating with the core developers? 
Discourse:Which channels do you prefer for communicating with the core developers? 
GitHub:Which channels do you prefer for communicating with the core developers? 
Twitter:Which channels do you prefer for communicating with the core developers? 
IRC:Which channels do you prefer for communicating with the core developers? 
bugs.python.org:Which channels do you prefer for communicating with the core developers? 
I’ve never contacted  the core developers:Which channels do you prefer for communicating with the core developers? 
What do you think about the new Developer-in-Residence role? 
If you have feedback about the Developer-in-Residence role, please provide it below.
virtualenv:Which of the following tools do you use to isolate Python environments between projects?
venv:Which of the following tools do you use to isolate Python environments between projects?
virtualenvwrapper:Which of the following tools do you use to isolate Python environments between projects?
hatch:Which of the following tools do you use to isolate Python environments between projects?
Poetry:Which of the following tools do you use to isolate Python environments between projects?
pipenv:Which of the following tools do you use to isolate Python environments between projects?
Conda:Which of the following tools do you use to isolate Python environments between projects?
I do not use any tools to isolate Python environments:Which of the following tools do you use to isolate Python environments between projects?
Other - Write In:Which of the following tools do you use to isolate Python environments between projects?
Other, please specify::Which of the following tools do you use to isolate Python environments between projects?
Other - Write In:Which of the following tools do you use to isolate Python environments between projects?.1
Do you use a virtual environment (e.g. virtualenv) in containers (e.g. Docker)? 
I use venv directly:Do you use the standard library (Python 3.3+) module venv?
I use it via Poetry:Do you use the standard library (Python 3.3+) module venv?
I use it via Pipenv:Do you use the standard library (Python 3.3+) module venv?
I use it via virtualenv:Do you use the standard library (Python 3.3+) module venv?
I use it via tox:Do you use the standard library (Python 3.3+) module venv?
I don’t know:Do you use the standard library (Python 3.3+) module venv?
No, I do not use venv:Do you use the standard library (Python 3.3+) module venv?
Other – Write In::Do you use the standard library (Python 3.3+) module venv?
Other – Write In::Do you use the standard library (Python 3.3+) module venv?.1
None / I'm not sure:Which tools related to Python packaging do you use directly? 
pip:Which tools related to Python packaging do you use directly? 
Conda:Which tools related to Python packaging do you use directly? 
pipenv:Which tools related to Python packaging do you use directly? 
Poetry:Which tools related to Python packaging do you use directly? 
venv (standard library):Which tools related to Python packaging do you use directly? 
virtualenv:Which tools related to Python packaging do you use directly? 
flit:Which tools related to Python packaging do you use directly? 
tox:Which tools related to Python packaging do you use directly? 
PDM:Which tools related to Python packaging do you use directly? 
twine:Which tools related to Python packaging do you use directly? 
Containers (eg: via Docker):Which tools related to Python packaging do you use directly? 
Virtual machines:Which tools related to Python packaging do you use directly? 
Workplace specific proprietary solution:Which tools related to Python packaging do you use directly? 
Other – Write In::Which tools related to Python packaging do you use directly? 
Other – Write In::Which tools related to Python packaging do you use directly? .1
Do you use any tools for managing precise/exact versions (version pinning) of application dependencies?
None:What format(s) is your application dependency information stored in?
requirements.txt:What format(s) is your application dependency information stored in?
pyproject.toml:What format(s) is your application dependency information stored in?
pipfile.lock:What format(s) is your application dependency information stored in?
poetry.lock:What format(s) is your application dependency information stored in?
Conda environment.yml:What format(s) is your application dependency information stored in?
pip constraints.txt:What format(s) is your application dependency information stored in?
Other – Write In::What format(s) is your application dependency information stored in?
Other – Write In::What format(s) is your application dependency information stored in?.1
None:Which of the following tools do you use for application dependency management?
pipenv:Which of the following tools do you use for application dependency management?
poetry:Which of the following tools do you use for application dependency management?
pip-tools:Which of the following tools do you use for application dependency management?
Other – Write In::Which of the following tools do you use for application dependency management?
Other – Write In::Which of the following tools do you use for application dependency management?.1
None:Do you use any of the following automated services to update the versions of application dependencies?
Dependabot:Do you use any of the following automated services to update the versions of application dependencies?
PyUp:Do you use any of the following automated services to update the versions of application dependencies?
Custom tools, e.g. a cron job or scheduled CI task:Do you use any of the following automated services to update the versions of application dependencies?
No, my application dependencies are updated manually:Do you use any of the following automated services to update the versions of application dependencies?
Other – Write In::Do you use any of the following automated services to update the versions of application dependencies?
Other – Write In::Do you use any of the following automated services to update the versions of application dependencies?.1
None:Which of the following tools do you use for installing packages?
pip:Which of the following tools do you use for installing packages?
easy_install:Which of the following tools do you use for installing packages?
Conda:Which of the following tools do you use for installing packages?
Poetry:Which of the following tools do you use for installing packages?
pip-sync:Which of the following tools do you use for installing packages?
pipx:Which of the following tools do you use for installing packages?
Other – Write In::Which of the following tools do you use for installing packages?
Other – Write In::Which of the following tools do you use for installing packages?.1
I’m not sure:Where do you install packages from? 
PyPI:Where do you install packages from? 
Local source:Where do you install packages from? 
Internal mirror of PyPI:Where do you install packages from? 
Private Python Package Index:Where do you install packages from? 
Anaconda:Where do you install packages from? 
Default Conda channel:Where do you install packages from? 
conda-forge Conda channel:Where do you install packages from? 
Other Conda channel:Where do you install packages from? 
GitHub:Where do you install packages from? 
Artifactory:Where do you install packages from? 
GitLab:Where do you install packages from? 
From Linux distribution:Where do you install packages from? 
Other – Write In::Where do you install packages from? 
Other – Write In::Where do you install packages from? .1
Do you develop applications?
None / I'm not sure:Which tool(s) do you use to develop Python applications?
Setuptools:Which tool(s) do you use to develop Python applications?
build:Which tool(s) do you use to develop Python applications?
Wheel:Which tool(s) do you use to develop Python applications?
Enscons:Which tool(s) do you use to develop Python applications?
pex:Which tool(s) do you use to develop Python applications?
Flit:Which tool(s) do you use to develop Python applications?
Poetry:Which tool(s) do you use to develop Python applications?
conda-build:Which tool(s) do you use to develop Python applications?
maturin:Which tool(s) do you use to develop Python applications?
PDM-PEP517:Which tool(s) do you use to develop Python applications?
Other – Write In::Which tool(s) do you use to develop Python applications?
Other – Write In::Which tool(s) do you use to develop Python applications?.1
Have you packaged and published a Python application that you developed to a package repository?
PyPI:Where did you publish your Python application packages?
Private Python Package Index:Where did you publish your Python application packages?
Internal mirror of PyPI:Where did you publish your Python application packages?
conda-forge:Where did you publish your Python application packages?
Other – Write In::Where did you publish your Python application packages?
Other – Write In::Where did you publish your Python application packages?.1
Do you develop and package Python libraries?
Setuptools:Which tools do you use to create packages of your Python libraries? 
build:Which tools do you use to create packages of your Python libraries? 
Wheel:Which tools do you use to create packages of your Python libraries? 
Enscons:Which tools do you use to create packages of your Python libraries? 
pex:Which tools do you use to create packages of your Python libraries? 
Flit:Which tools do you use to create packages of your Python libraries? 
Poetry:Which tools do you use to create packages of your Python libraries? 
conda-build:Which tools do you use to create packages of your Python libraries? 
maturin:Which tools do you use to create packages of your Python libraries? 
PDM-PEP517:Which tools do you use to create packages of your Python libraries? 
Other – Write In::Which tools do you use to create packages of your Python libraries? 
Other – Write In::Which tools do you use to create packages of your Python libraries? .1
Have you packaged and published a Python library to a package repository? 
PyPI:Where have you published your packaged Python libraries?
Private Python Package Index:Where have you published your packaged Python libraries?
Internal mirror of PyPI:Where have you published your packaged Python libraries?
conda-forge:Where have you published your packaged Python libraries?
Other – Write In::Where have you published your packaged Python libraries?
Other – Write In::Where have you published your packaged Python libraries?.1
Most of the time, do you ...? 
How many people are in your project team?
What is your employment status?
Other – Write In::What is your employment status?
How many people work for your company / organization?
Choose one from the list::Which of the following industries best describes your company's business?
Other - Write In::Which of the following industries best describes your company's business?
Choose one from the list::Which of the following industries do you develop for?
Other - Write In::Which of the following industries do you develop for?
DBA:Which of the following best describes your job role(s)?
Architect:Which of the following best describes your job role(s)?
QA engineer:Which of the following best describes your job role(s)?
Developer / Programmer:Which of the following best describes your job role(s)?
Technical writer:Which of the following best describes your job role(s)?
Technical support:Which of the following best describes your job role(s)?
Data analyst:Which of the following best describes your job role(s)?
Business analyst:Which of the following best describes your job role(s)?
Team lead:Which of the following best describes your job role(s)?
Product manager:Which of the following best describes your job role(s)?
CIO / CEO / CTO:Which of the following best describes your job role(s)?
Systems analyst:Which of the following best describes your job role(s)?
Other – Write In::Which of the following best describes your job role(s)?
Other – Write In::Which of the following best describes your job role(s)?.1
Could you tell us your age range?
What country or region do you live in?    
What did you think about this survey? We would be happy to hear your feedback:
